Continuing from [[2023-05-03]].

Another great morning! How lucky are we? In any case, let's get crackin' on some of this stuff.

Okay, so one thing that I've already encountered in a short playtest is that even when you JUMP onto one of the elevator platforms going upwards from a high height, you may encounter the Y-velocity bug with the Rigidbody. This begs... a few questions.

First of all, do I *need* the Rigidbody's velocity to be any non-zero value at all? I ONLY move the Rigidbody with MovePosition.

This brings up an interesting thing upon some research. From this one website, I read the line that if you want Kinematic Rigidbodies to work with other things, move them ONLY in FixedUpdate. And, I'm not currently doing that. So maybe I should, lol! I'll try that and see.

Long story short here, I've been thinking about making my Rigidbody kinematic if I can, because I'm actually lassoing it to obey my will so hard already, I might as well just make it so.

Anyways, I'm going to make a CharacterState OnFixedUpdate() method that I can break up into sub-Updates like I have the normal OnUpdate() function, but only with the code I need in there. Let's see how it goes, and if this is too yucky or unoconventional to try or not.

And before I go all gung-ho I want to at least aim for what I'm trying to fix. Some of these physics bugs like falling through the floor when falling too fast, this bouncy elevator busines, and more, *could* very well result from me moving my physics object outside of FixedUpdate. If I fix this here and it sovles these problems, I'm cleared to move on and test more down the line.

The key here is to move only what I need here. This is mostly going to be movement code, input and calculation things are OK to stay in normal Update (for now, as I see it).

In CharacterWalk, I know I can move my MovingPlatform code over to PreFixedUpdate() from PreUpdate(), but... What about the GroundCheck code? I'm going to move that over too, because that has to do with Physics. It might not be MOVING, but if that's how I'm checking things I'll try and keep it within that sort of 'timestep' or FixedUpdate() loop.
	Also a neat idea hit me... If my platform moving logic is insufficient in the future, I wonder about trying a coroutine waiting on FixedUpdate() to try and calculate, then map the position of the rider on the platform? It could be too expensive or just a weird approach, but it could  be cool!

Okay, the moving is done. Time to test!

---

Definitely seems like there is some improvements, I haven't fallen through the floor yet. Despite that, that pesky upwards elevator velocity bug still persists! How odd. And a kinematic rigidbody needs to handle its collisions and things through code, which I *could* do... but, that'd be an involved approach. It would be far from impossible, mostly just relying on my GroundCheck functions and the proper response, but yeah.

Okay, so I just fixed some code that definitely helped this. I KNOW for sure the FixedUpdate() fixes helped this, but also adding some code that helps the Player step with the Platform *in its proper direction* is working! Yay!
The upwards elevator interaction seems to have been resolved THUS FAR, but the downwards elevator is still there.

For now, I'll move on.

---

So I noticed something else, I can interrupt the longer TogglePlatform's movement patterns and break them, which reintroduces the upwards elevator bounce bug because the player isn't clinging to it and zeroing out its velocity. This is an easy fix, but not before I commit my changes.

Yep, one if statement barring toggling if we're currently moving, and that's done. NOICE!

---

Right, so what to work on next? Well, I like taking on the big challenges and sending myself into a shame spiral when I don't immediately get them, so let's try the HANDS ability. This one boils down to:
1. Entering a custom CharacterState *AS LONG AS THE ABILITY BUTTON IS HELD* and taking in movement info to turn the 'Hands'.
2. Can only enter this state from the Grounded state.
	1. Perhaps it copies the moving platform logic so we can ride controlled platforms?
3. Brings up some UI when we do so.

---

Now that I think about it, I want to first wrap up my Pendulum ability by adding a little UI sequence. Basically I'll just fade in an code-animated pendulum when the ability is active. I'll revisit that previous Hands point after this.

So for now, I'm looking to make some sort of UI for each ability. I think I'll do them individually to start, I can always unite and tie them together via some AbilityUIManager in the future.

After making the Pendulum UI, swinging all around, I definitely need to  consider how I'll connect some of my UI scripts to my CharacterController if necessary. Right now, I have my UI script as a PendulumObserver which is pretty cutesy, so it behaves like all other Pendulum-able/Togglable objects. But, I may want to change this for a higher level of control later, if necessary.

That said, I'll now try and continue onto the Hands ability after a newline. Hoorah!

---

Alright, so time to review my current approach of how I'm going about Ability scripts, CharacterStates, and all that from my Pendulum script.
Looking back on it, I'm listening for input with the OnAbility(InputAction.CallbackContext ctx) function in my CC2D, which directly sends any invocation of it to its current state's OnAbility(same thing) function.
From there, like in my CharacterWalk state, I check to see if the ability is performed and if it *is*, I get the current ability and then switch through it to switch to the proper Ability CharacterState.
From HERE, I have my Ability CharacterState that works with my AbilityScript to perform any necessary external actions or to get any external ability-based data, like PendulumAbility's coroutine.

Essentially, the Ability script is there to allow the utility and potentially facilitate the transitions of Ability CharacterStates. That's an identity I'll do my best to maintain going forward, though i'm positive there's a better way.

In any case, time to focus on the Hands state.
The thing about this state, kinda like my Pendulum state, is that it doesn't entirely NEED an external ability script. This is mostly for Corgi Engine-esque compatability and ubiquity, so that you COULD use it here or there or something. In my project's case, this might not be necessary... So, I'm going to try and see if I can't just do it in a CharacterState. Worst comes to worst, I can always refactor it and break it up into more scripts if I need to.
ACTUALLY NEVERMIND I'M SILLY, I do want a separate AbilityScript for the same reason as PendulumAbility, to maintain my list of Observers. No problem, I see it now. Even though this is one of the only main reasons to *have* a separate AbilityScript, I'll see if I can't integrate it somehow later...

ALRIGHT so we're in it now. One thing I want here is the Moving Platform ability and to GroundCheck() like in Walk. I'll have to copy that over. Main thing though, is exiting the state.

And another thing, I need to have some sort of way to switch states. I can have that in my AbilityManager, but I need to make an input for it. I'll do that really quick.

---

Alright, so I've got the state seemingly working with the transition and all that, and I added support for the AbilityManager to SwapAbilities, which could change in the future but is okay for right now.

And the ability seems to work at the moment, but I couldn't stick to it like I was doing with the TogglePositionBlockScript. Let's implement that!

I was thinking, I really ought to have some sort of OnPlatform() script that is called when we GroundCheck() and hit a platform, or have some way of *caching* the current platform so I don't have to get its components so frequently. Granted, it's a bit of a headache no matter what, and this case is special to allow for riding Platforms with the Hands state, so you never know.

As well I can't forget to stop the platforms if I fall off of them. I can do this by sending one final Vector3.zero to the subscribers if I ever leave the state, but I'd need to maintain a Vector2 of the thing... No I wouldn't, I can do that no matter what. NEAT!

Well I'm encountering about the same problem as I was with the other platforms with being bumped by them and all that. I wonder what I can do about that... I'm pretty sure what's happening is that they bump me and then the velocity of the player rigidbody gets set, but I don't want that.
I really should take a look into kinematic Rigidbodies, the collision is the only thing holding me back from doing so.

I'm going to do a thing. I'm making OnEnter a virtual function for ALL states and I'm going to be making sure upon entering every state that the RB Velocity is 0. Could I do this in Update, sure... Let me try it that way actually. I'm putting `m_Context.Rigidbody.velocity = Vector3.zero;` in every state's PostFixedUpdate() just to make sure. There is certainly a better way but I don't yet know it.

This has stopped the issue for now and for the near future as I foresee it, but I'd imagine it's certainly not performant.
There's still a little issue of disconnecting from the platform and the HandsState when you're being pushed upwards, let me look into that now.

Woohoo, just figured out why it wasn't working. I totally forgot that Raycasting without saying NOT to will *query trigger interactions*, which at some positions during rides on elevators and what not, would trigger the Player's double raycasts to both ONLY hit the trigger collider above the platforms. Now, these errors seems to have gone away.

After some more testing, it seems to be... good? I'm pleased with this, thank goodness. I'll have to consider changing the ground check distance on its own as well too... Hrm.

I CANNOT FORGET to also get rid of some redundant calls to setting the Rigidbody velocity to zero now that it's in FixedUpdate.

---

Now that I'm done with the ability as it was, there were some things I wanted to make.
The first was some UI to show the currently selected ability. I envision it on a clock with ability distributed around it, with a hand pointing to the currently-selected one.

The second was a platform that follows a path of points, that you could lead along with this Hands ability.  Both are feasible, but I think I want to take a water and music break, go walk around and all that. Cheers, it's been a great ~3.5 hours or so!

The THIRD one has to do with pulling up some of my Observer classes and Publisher classes into some superclass. It'd be cool!

---

