Right, so today starts the beginning of this Obsidian Library. I'd gotten some previous work done on my laptop, but I plan to refine and redo some of the things here to make some changes.

First things first today, I want to focus on making a basic CharacterController. I want to make the game *2.5D*, because I can use and produce some neat 3D Models for it, I just think it might look nice. That all said, let's get programming on my 2.5D CharacterController.

---

Right, so for my CharacterController, I want to make it a simple FSM so I can make more complex movement later if necessary. I'll pool the variables in the context script and do it like I've always done. This is my goal for tonight.

In developing this, I'm making a neat little double-raycast setup for ground-checking, because I liked the way the Corgi engine did it. That way, I can add a neat little animation when close to the edge of a platform or something.

In *double* raycasting, I thought it was interesting that you might be standing on two different colliders, and that's OK. Then I was thinking about more specific interactions I might want to check for, like specific buttons, platforms, and things like that but I'll worry more about those as they come.

Also, I'm using the new Input System because I like it :). I'm think it would be cool to have my state classes be able to subscribe and unsubscribe in their OnEnter & OnExit functions to the events that they need so it's sort of "self-service". I only fear making my InputActions public, even though it might serve me well if I want to make fun enemies or something that read your actions and act based on you. But that's for later.
On second thought I think I'll just use my usual approach of handler functions with the callback contexts.

Also for later, when I get to abilities and all that, I need to think about how I want to switch them (and what inputs I'd use accordingly, but that's again for later).

---

After a neat little bit of experimentation getting a decent-feeling horizontal movement state going, I've decided to work on my Air state. I have a  Jumping and Falling boolean to help with these. Long story short, we'll only switch back to our Walk state if we're *not* jumping and *are* falling (and if we're grounded, of course).

I really like finding weird and silly bugs. Let's just say I almost forgot to implement a terminal velocity, lol, that would've been pretty rough.

That said, I've achieved my main goal in getting a BASIC movement system down for tonight, so I'm fairly pleased. I kinda wan to make one more thing, one of the abilities, but I need to use the restroom first. BRB!

---

Okay, so thinking about my abilities and all that, I know how I want to make them. Like my movement FSM, I need some way to control them based on Input Actions.
Hmm... I could include them as a part of my FSM, but I don't think that's right...
I could make an AbilityManager script or something to manage almost all of them based on which one is selected?

Long story short is, I need to find a way to control the abilities from the simple ones like the Pendulum, to the more complex ones, like the Hands. One is just activated when I hit the button, the other needs a whole input sequence.

I think I can make the ability scripts as their own separate components, but provide them one kind of movement FSM state for all of them.

The movement FSM scripts will specify what abilities you can use when, then, if valid for that movement state, send you to the special ability movement state where you can control the ability's script.

Hrmmmm..... Yeah, I think I'm just going to try and implement it as part of the movement FSM, because they DO impact the movement. That said, *technically* it's the Character FSM so I'll try to call it that from now on. Also, I'm pretty sleepy so I'll pick this up tomorrow. See you then!