Good morning! Gosh, what a nice day. I'm so glad things are as they are. In any case, time to keep working for now.

Yesterday, I started on the Ability system, but I still wasn't very clear on exactly how I wanted to implement it. After working with the Corgi Engine, there were plenty of things I liked about their approach, especially integrating abilities with a CharacterController, so I'm trying to imitate that somewhat in my own way. In doing so, I need to figure out exactly how I'll handle my abilities.

(And before I forget, I have to implement some collision handling to influence the velocity, like hitting your head on a platform above you, and bumping into a wall. Currently, neither of which influence your velocity so as soon as you slip past, it's as if you never hit them.)

In short, here's what I want from my Abilities:
- To have a discernable animation to them
- To have their own rules for when abilities can be used
	- The Corgi Engine did this with a blocked states enum that appeared in the inspector as a neat little checklist. I liked this!
- To return control to the appropriate character state when finished (if they even *need* to switch states)

I have this idea in my head where I make a custom state that's one-size-fits all, but I'm not sure how well that'll work. I think I need to do it as I have it in my AwfulCatMetroidvania game; a custom character state that interacts with the AbilityManager.
	One other gripe that I"ve been encountering as well is how I share the data from my context class to my subclass. I've not put enough thought into how I encapsulate my data so people can't quite mess with it YET. There's public information in my context class that could be messed with (which could serve me with certain mechanics, I imagine) and that makes me worry. That said, there's no immediate issues with it but I'm concerned about it. Enough said for now.

I'm now going to try and implement an Ability-specific CharacterState and AbilityScript for the Pendulum. With this approach, I can really fine-tune how I want the abilities to behave. For example, I have this idea where you freeze in the air as you use the pendulum which allows time for the world to update, allowing for more creative and unconventional platforming sections.

I'm excited and getting lots of ideas so for RIGHT NOW I'm just going to try and get the ability working first.

---

Right so things are mostly going well. I'm getting to the state, but not starting the ability's effects, so I'll have to see about that. For now though, there's an issue. I was trying to be cute and use these Assembly Definitions to separate my Abilities and 2.5D scripts (as they're currently called) into different folders. This isn't a good idea, so I'm going to have to do an AsmDef on the total Movement folder. Things here need to be renamed though, but the scope of these folders isn't totally defined (by me) yet. I think AsmDefs are cool, but I'm really interested in their implications of scope. I think for TRULY different ends of the codebase that are decoupled, they're good. Like, if I was using some hardware-using library, separating those scripts from the logic for an enemy might be key. But relating them where they need to be is key, and I just haven't made something of that scale to experience that.... How odd.

In any case, I'll forget about these AsmDefs for now. It's likely a more sensible way to use them will arrive in the future, if at all.

Alright, and I've got the ability working now that I've removed these scope restrictions. The AsmDefs as I had them before created a circular dependency that it didn't like. These scripts ended up being coupled much more than I had thought (and how I thought otherwise at all is interesting, lol), but they're working now :D.

And now I've added support to use the Pendulum Ability in the air. Yippee!

---

Now, for the pendulum ability, I need to make something simple that responds to this. I'll just do push in-and-out blocks. Because this is 2.5D, I can actually just pull them back! :D
EZ

Aaand done. I've set the camera from Ortho to Perspective, which is exciting! This allows us to see the distance between blocks that go forward on the Z axis to the background. If I were to install the URP and add a bit of blur on the elements in the background, that'd be TIGHT!

Oooh, new bug! I made an elevator from this script and I found a neat bug. Basically, on an upwards move the player's vertical velocity is set by being bumped up again and again by the elevator. This makes the Rigidbody's velocity on the Y non-zero, which messes things up.

There's a few approaches to managing this...

The first is via a TriggerCollider, which I could stand to use anyway. I'm putting one on the Player. If I set the velocity to 0 in OnTriggerStay when I'm on a moving platform, that works upwards.
The only thing is that for horizontal platforms, they slip out from under us.

For this issue, I wonder if it's alright to make a collider around the platform itself and have it try and update the player's movement? Hmmm... The main thing is making sure that whatever's on the platform will move the same way as the platform does. Let's try that!

---

Well the velocity thing only works for an upwards elevator. I think I'll need to do a little work in my CharacterWalk state, with a little less on the platform. Here's what I'm thinking. I'll detect if I'm grounded on a platform by storing my double Raycast hits, then poll them in PreUpdate to see if I'm on a moving platform.

So I did this and it seems to work well, but there is still a bug where you can just outright fall through platforms. I *think* this occurs due to the gravity force but also due to the length of the grounded raycast check.