Continuing from [[2023-05-13]]. I've had work this weekend and week so far, and I haven't had time to jot down ALL of my little changes and things like that.

This evening, I can sit down more extensively and review things. Where we left off, I decided to *try* and design to avoid the Singleton pattern for my LevelManager the way I had it before. I'd LIKE to try and avoid it, that is, with some better prior planning and organization. Towards the last section of last segment's note, I wrote about solutions for my issues that were being implemented, but I have to more substantially outline what I want from these.

Originally, I had my LevelManager maintaining lists of all the Checkpoints and ClockPieceControllers *with functionality to add them for convenience's sake in the two scripts' OnValidate() functions.* This turned out to be more trouble than it was worth, even with the AbilityPickup scripts.
My approach now is to more naturally get them in LevelManager's OnValidate() using the FindObjectsOfType(), but this has some problems without the Singleton approach. For example, I have no place yet to specify the selected IconBank for the AbilityPickups. I also currently don't have a way to add Checkpoints to the known Checkpoint list.
	I didn't really want to make this a static list within the Checkpoint class themselves, because that would be weird. I'd have to flush it all OnDisable and all that, that doesn't seem right.
		My main issue stems from the fact that I'm not entirely sure if I want to preserve my same LevelManager between scenes with that `DontDestroyOnLoad()` and all that. The issue with this was when my Singleton would re-instantiate itself when it already existed in the scene, which generated a significant number of annoying issues, like then clearing my Inspector-set references to the IconBank and things like that.
		***THIS*** is my current holdup.

So that's where my problem really began, as I wrote above. But to solve it, I need to organize and think of this differently.

For example, on the issue of IconBanks, I think that belongs somewhere higher than a LevelManager. I mean, would we really have any different icons per-level? That sounds like a GameManager type of deal to me, but I haven't made that script yet. THAT's a fella who would need to persist between scenes, maintaining the state of the overall game experience, and all that. 
So there's a solution, a **GameManager** class.

Now on the solution for having individual Checkpoints notify the LevelManager, I have a few ideas.
So I know my GameManager is going to be a PERSISTENT Singleton across scenes and all that... The problem is that it will still need to find and load data (that is currently Inspector-set in LevelManager to get the selected IconBank). I suppose I could use the Resources folder and load from there, but... something feels weird about that. We can try loading it from the Resources folder, but where I'm *going* with this is in having a GameManager maintain a reference to a Scene's LevelManager. Essentially, I'll *correctly* utilize a persistent Singleton instead of the LevelManager which is far better suited to be reset and manage each **specific** level.
AND because I won't be trying to get the Singleton in OnValidate and things like that, I *shouldn't* run into any major errors as I navigate things. That's a 'should' and not a 'will', though. Let's take a look.
