Continuing from [[2023-05-18]].

Ah, after a long day of work I'm finally back and ready to work. So here, I just need to do a few things in this project to reach my weekly goal for this project. Then I move onto the Wren's Nest.

What remains for this weekly goal:
- LevelEndUI
	- Write text for LevelClock
	- Hook up Buttons to SceneManager
- Level Design
	- Make a simple level

---

So first, I tackled writing the text for the LevelClock. Now let's get some functions for those buttons in the GameManager.
There's just a small issue with the GameManager across scenes, I need to make sure ONLY one exists at a time. Now that's mostly taken care of... Yippee!
One more thing too... if I load a scene with a GameManager that already exists, I need to delete it BUT ALSO set my LevelEndUI button functions to the PROPER GameManager.

I ALSO JUST remembered about `#region` and  `#endregion` and MAN I'm so glad I did. I might use that instead of my cutesy little `// + + + + | X | + + + + ` region delimiters and all that.

Grr, so I need to find SOME way to get consistent access to the current LevelManager. There's a very crucial time as the scenes switch that the CurrentLevelManager is null. In that time, scripts are trying to access it in OnDisable.

Alright, I've managed to figure it out some. A few fixes occurred here, mostly with guaranteeing that the LevelManager can be found properly, and that the UI is drawing itself properly. Woohoo!

A thing I've neglected since is making sure the PLAYER can't move when they finish the level and all that. Let's take care of that quickly as well.

---

Well, the last MAIN thing I need to do today is probably to make a simple little level. Goodness though, how crazy. Let's prefab some things and then try and make my own first little level.

### Let There Be Bugs!
Alright, so I'm designing my first little level now and I need to take care of some bugs. Firstly, the AbilityManager didn't support having NO abilities at once, so I fixed that. Then, it wasn't hooking up to its UI correctly, so I fixed that too.
I'm going to need to *add the UICamera to the MainCamera as an Overlay in Start() via a script*.


#### Current Bugs

##### Physics
As well, there's a curious physics bug in which the player can slip through walls. I was thinking about walking on slopes and how I might address that, but this is a unique and interesting issues. I have to see how I'll address it, but likely with some collision handling and things like that. After all, I'm currently not specifiying special logic for when I collide with things.

Another bug is that on platforms that fall while the player is upon them, I have to try and keep the player on the platform for that.

##### OnValidate Conveniences...
Additionally, I want to restore some of the convenience of the OnValidate functions in my AbilityPickups and ClockPieces.


##### AbilityManager Set Current On Pickup
*FIXED*.

##### LevelEndUI
And finally, the last major bug involves the LevelEndUI, the buttons weren't allowing me to press them. I'm not sure why this is...
*FIXED*, I was just missing the EventSystem with the new Input System Listener.

However, as I've just sent an update message with today's progress and all this here, I want to swap over to the Wren's Nest project and work more in there. I'll leave these bugs here FOR NOW, but I'm super glad we've been able to make it this far.