Continuing from [[2023-05-16]].
Man, I've been worked to the bone at my other job this week. BUT, next week I have ALL the weekdays off so I'm going to be LABBING in here. So excited!

That said, today I'm finally going to try and solve the problems that I identified solutions for in the previous note: making a GameManager to centralize some resources, and giving it a way to hook up to the LevelManager.

And done. Now THAT's a persistent singleton being used BETTER than my previous approach. It also helps I'm not doing a lot of silly business in OnValidate anymore.

I'll commit this work finally, and then proceed after I replace the battery in my fire alarm, lol. That squeaking is killing me!

---

Alright now, it's a little later after fixing all of that previously.

### ExitGates
Now, I'll want to start making the ExitGate. This HAS made me think though...
	In a previous entry, I was thinking that it might be inappropriate for the LevelManager to maintain some list of Found ClockPieces and all that. I felt that it might belong better on the Player. But at the same time, centralizing it there might be easier, because they're so *key* to the level.
	For now, I'll keep the maintained list of Found ClockPieces there.

In any case, time to make the more complex ExitGate, collision-wise.

So I'll have to think of how I do this... For one, I need the Player to collide with the ExitGate and then try some input to activate it. That said, I have to find some way to figure out that I'm both pressing a specific input AND touching a door. Let's see if I can't just poll the state via the inputaction...
I can do it either way thanks to the PlayerMovementVector Vector2 that's public. I suppose it would be more correct to check it from the Player so I can most accurately poll the state of the IA. This is my current approach in OnTriggerStay, but there might be a more slick way to do this. I think of taking the Vector2.up input as its own special input, and SphereCasting when it happens, fancy stuff like that... but that seems like overkill for now.

---

So now that that's BASICALLY working, I want to take a look at the Exit Sequence. I probably won't take care of this today since it's late already, but I can still do the planning.

### Exit Sequence
So one thing I notice immediately is that the OnTriggerStay approach for triggering the ExitGate from the Player invokes the function as it would in a normal update loop. I really only want to send one OR only listen to one invocation of the function. An easy fix for this is a boolean that manages whether we're listening or not to the ExitGate.

Then, I need to have some sequence to end the level and all that. It might be COOL to do some neat UI animations via the animator and not the code, but I'd have to see.

On the topic of UI, I need to fade out the existing UI and things like that. To do so, I'd likely want to have some events in LevelManager that folks can make use of. Now with that said, I'd need to subscribe to these events somehow... Hrm...
I should preface this with that I'm thinking of sticking to UnityEvents just to be funny. C# events are nice, but I'm interesting in trying the UnityEvents here... Now, I *could* just make the UnityEvent static, like the C# events have to be, but subscribing to them has me intrigued. Mainly because I'm worried about having to access the LevelManager through the GameManager which SHOULD but may or may not exist by the time OnEnable is invoked to subscribe to the events within the listener scripts. GameManager takes care of itself in Awake(), so it *should* be good, but I'll need to try it.
Let me first try by not making them static, by accessing the LevelManager events through the GameManager. If this fails, it's static UnityEvent time.
	Also, I don't *only* need to respond to an OnLevelEnded event, I definitely could make some OnCheckpointReached, some OnClockPieceFound events, etc.
	In fact, this might be another way to avoid using the GameManager Singleton if it proves to be too yucky for this application.
Now, I would do well to not directly invoke the event from outside of the LevelManager script. Because the event is public, anyone would really be able to invoke it anyways... Public stuff scares me, I like private things but I've been using lotsa public info with the Player FSM and these data/manager classes... I suppose it's rather useful though!

I'm really taking a smorgasbord of approaches within this program which almost worries me. When I find the ClockPieces, the Checkpoints, and all that, i'm not doing that via events... But I guess this is different and a better event use-case. I need to communicate with a variety of systems between the UI, the Players, and potentially other things as well to signify the end of the level and what that means to whomever.

Thinking about just what I need to trigger from this event, here's what I've got:
- Player cannot move, disabled.
- Ability UI fades out.
- Large fade to black.
- Results Panel shows up, with assembled clock and all that.

These are my goals for tomorrow, which I'll have to plan. As well, I feel really, *really* weird about not having used branches substantially yet in my Github. That haste has manifested in some of my code and I don't like it much. Tomorrow, I'll create a little branch for this level end sequence and keep things more organized (and I also want to document my classes more on a refactoring pass).

Tomorrow, my goal is to polish off the level end sequence and work on my first basic level. Woohoo! Good night! 