Continuing from [[2023-05-08]].

So yesterday I worked some on starting the Wren's nest project. But I think Scott was right in suggesting a CENTRAL location for these projects rather than having them so decoupled...  At least in terms of convenience. Then again though, I would prefer the separation so I can treat them like two different projects, as they are, and so I can organize my efforts with them more efficiently.

Today, I want to make the little ability selector UI, the clock one. That'll be my little goal for today, as well as likely some more physics debugging and things like that. You can crush the player in the walls and stuff with the freely-steerable platform, and I'd like to avoid that, lol.

That said, there's plenty more to make, but I want to start with this UI. To do so, I'll pick up where I left off.
First things first, I want to allow or disallow abilities. Because it'll affect the AbilityManager, it'll affect the UI. To do this, I'll do it the Corgi way with having an enum for the types of the abilities supported and all that.

Now that I have an enum of the ability types and I'll know when they're activated and all that... I have an idea. So like the Corgi Engine recommended in their doc, I SHOULDN'T ADD Components because that's mega costly. Instead, I should allow and disallow them. But because I have a FIXED NUMBER OF ABILITIES, I can store them in an array :). This makes things rather fun, because I have the confirmation that things wouldn't change with them. That means use the enum values to index the array if I place them in their proper spots, which I'm doing.
This means that I can have an array of icons that I can map to the length of the ability array, and maintain them like that instead of this fancy dictionary stuff.

Well, I've gotten things to work with the arrays so far and I'm creating icons... I just am running out of time before a meeting I have to attend. I'm gonna shower, I'll be back later!

---

Well, it's a bit after my tour (and dinner), and MAN was it cool! There are so many things I have ideas for now, which really excites me. That said, I'll have to jot that all down in another doc or something like that. For now, I've been working more on the AbilityClockUI from before.

I've gotten things to work so far in its basic operation. I've figured out more towards registering the AbilityManager, reading its data more smoothly, managing the icons and placing them around the circular clock face properly, and more. It even updates properly, which is rather exciting!

What I need to do now is make some sort of pickup script for them based on the enum so that the player can get them. Let me do that quickly.

Right, so things are MOSTLY working at the moment in the sense that the clock hand is moving properly (though counter-clockwise). As well, I'll have to see if the icons are TRULY aligning with their proper order.

Firstly, though, I'd need to make icons for each ability. I guess I'll do that really quick! First I'll commit this work though.

ALRIGHT so I sprite'd and then I debug'd and now it's working'd. The best part is, it's showing the proper icons when I don't have them all. They always end up in the same order thanks to the underlying array that superimposes their order despite being enabled or not, which rocks.

---

There's some debugging to do here, I've got some functions in my AbilityClockUIController script that are VIOLATING the Single Responsibility Principle (gasp!). I'll take care of that really quick before I sign off for the night and prepare for tomorrow.

### Looking Ahead
Thinking ahead, there's some things I need to accomplish before I can really start spitting out levels and content for this minigame.

- One of these things is creating a level infrastructure with some basic scene management.
	- I need to have a sort of data-based *spine* that helps us keep track of the player, the camera, more things like that. I think of the Corgi Engine when I think of that.
- Perhaps a checkpoint system might be good as well!
- Level End UI once I get there and all that.
- An actual aesthetic package, lol. Greyboxing is good for now, but it won't stay that way.

In any case, that's all for now. Today was a fantastic research day, and I plan to close it out with some music before preparing to take my cat to the vet tomorrow morning.