Continuing from [[2023-05-11]].

I have a meeting with Scott soon, I just got back from work and had lunch. Ah, what a nice spring day it was. It was almost pretty hot!

That said, I have some more plans for today. In our meeting, I want to bring up:
- Progress
	- My progress with the Clock Game
		- Have most core systems ready apart from audio and scene management.
		- Implemented Day/Night cycle? Could be useful for Wren's Nest.
		- Can have a single level ready by next Monday.
	- Progress with Wren's Nest
		- Essentially just a CharacterController walking around the world at the moment, BUT it's started.
- Aesthetic
	- 2.5D with Sprites (I can mostly do the sprite work)
	- Full 3D with 3D models (I'd have trouble with modeling, but COULD animate if necessary)
- Planning & Discussion
	- 'Snow-Globing' for the Wren's Nest
	- Remarkable Theming Flexibility for the Clock Game

Planning:
- Get Clock Game level done by next Monday
- Mockup one "snowglobe" in the Wren's Nest
	- Complete selection mechanic
		- Pull up UI off selection, confirmation stuff
		- Link off to another resource

---

But after all of this, there's a quick little feature I want to make. I wanted to make some trigger for a level-ending sequence and all that. Just something to denote the end of a level and all that.
	Firstly, really quick, I'd fixed a bug so that our LevelManager ALWAYS tries to get checkpoints in Start() and all that for the current level. As well, for ease of use, the Checkpoints use OnValidate to name themselves properly and add themselves to the Checkpoints list.
	There's likely some redundancy and room for optimization with the calls made, but it works for now which is cool.

If I can "soft finish" a level by having some level end trigger and sequence planned out, we'll really be all good. 

### NEARLY Forgetting my ClockPieces
EVEN BEFORE THAT THOUGH, I totally forgot to go make the ClockPieces throughout the level and all that. Those, as per the GDD, were the main MacGuffins that let you progress through the level and all that. You can't leave the level without having ALL of them, so I'm thinking I can make little platforming challenges and things like that to lead you to them.

So I guess, let's make those and we'll be mostly set to start the end of a level!

Thinking about the UI necessary, I'd like to do something a la New Super Mario Bros Wii, with the little outlines where the star coins (similar MacGuffins) go in the UI. This'll show you how many pieces are necessary for completion, and all that fun stuff.

A neat idea that Scott suggested as well is having them all come together and form a clock at the end of the level, with information you could read about and all that! That'd be pretty cool.

That said, there's some data we ought to think about before we do such a thing. I think I'll need to centralize (as ScriptableObjects) the 3D Models of the individual meshes that will make up the final clock, as well as a model of the final clock (or a prefab of them all assembled properly). This could be called *LevelClockSO* and store some text or a message about the clock. Maybe a link as well.

THEN, from that, I'll need to have a few Checkpoint-like pickup scripts that activate EXCEPT they're for adding those ClockParts to the player's inventory or all that stuff. LevelManager will need a list for these as well, just like Checkpoints.

I kinda want them to float behind or follow the player since there *won't* be any enemies. The main idea is the puzzles and platforming, as we specified, so that'll be the focus. Woohoo!

---

I took a short break to think more and digest ideas about the Wren's Nest, but I have to get this done and focus up LOL! I'm so eager to work on the little aesthetics and ideas for that... But I can't lose sight of what I'm doing here.

That said, I'll try to make the ClockPieces and all that now.

You know what's bothered me really quick? I've sort of impulsively designed things here. I've gone for the throat with my ideas which is cool and direct BUT I feel sort of weird not having implemented my normal MVC approach towards things. I suppose this is mostly because the platforming type games GENERALLY aren't as data-intensive as the other game genres I was producing before this (a TRPG, a board game of Dominoes, etc.) that were more computational than mechanical for the player... It's probably not a problem, but when I go to refactor some of these classes I'm going to want to do that... Just to make myself aware.

In any case, let's think about how I'm going to want my ClockPieces and all that.

### Making ClockPieces
So first things first, I know that *like my Checkpoint system*, the level is going to be populated with ClockPieces that the Player will activate upon hitting their triggers and all that. 
:)
again...
THAT'S IT, I'm making a general UnityEvent-invoking script for that behavior. I'm tired of not having one, lol. And so, the `OnTriggerPlayerEvent` is born. Time to rock! The cool thing is, I can remove another script that did this but worse.

Anyways, I also wanted some GameObjects that have the meshes to assemble a clock in parts. I have to make that a ScriptableObject whose instances will occur in each level. So  I've made `LevelClockSO` and a little test prefab for it. BY THE WAY I'm going to have to rename these folders or something, my current structure needs some rethinking lol.

So what I'm going to try and do for the actual ClockPiece gameobjects is to make them empty with a childed Model GO.

---

Alright, so I've just about made them and implemented them with the LevelManager. The only thing that I don't like is that by instantiating prefabs in the OnValidate cycle for convenience's sake, the engine's Console is flooded with these silly warnings that read `SendMessage cannot be called during Awake, CheckConsistency, or OnValidate (TestClockTop(Clone): OnMeshFilterChanged)`.

It's not really a problem, but I'd like to suppress those warnings if I can.

That said, this wasn't a bad day of work at all. I'm glad that I've gotten as far as I have.

For next time, here's what I need to do: ^004546
- ClockPiece UI
	- Generates Icons for the ClockPieces in the Level
- ExitGate
	- Only allows completion of the Level if all ClockPieces are gathered.
- Level End UI
	- Shows completed clock and some information
	- Buttons for next level, main menu, previous stuff, etc.

For now though, I wanted to write some more dreamy, Snowglobe music for the Wren's Nest. Good night!