Continuing from [[2023-06-12]].

ALRIGHT! So we're all Trello'd up, and the priority has shifted to this project over the Wren's Nest (for the moment).
That said, I have some things I want to take care of, elements I want to make, and all that. And very thankfully, Jared is helping me with some of the 3D elements and all that, which frees me up to design levels and create level elements, all that stuff.

That said, let's get to a level element or two!

So as I said a trillion times in the GDD and over the length of this project, we've got a puzzle platformer on our hands. Which means that it's *not* bad to make platforming-elements. To that end, I want to start by making a rotating set of platforms.

---

## Rotating Platforms
One such platforming element is a set of rotating platforms! These ought to be fairly simple. The only question is how I'll move each platform, and how adjustable I want to make them.
I think I'll just do it like so:
I'll maintain an array of Rigidbodies that I gather from a parent transform that will be my platforms to rotate. Every time I get a single call to rotate them (like from a Pendulum or Chime or something, I'll rotate them a number of degrees, based on the number of platforms I have. Specifically, the number of platforms divided by 360 so you get that cycling effect.

COOL PHYSICS UNITY I really liked 30 minutes or so of debugging time just to find out that SOMEHOW my kinematic Rigidbody, a parent to other Rigidbody platforms but UNALTERED by literally EVERYTHING, was *somehow* getting it's velocity absolutely cranked. In the end I'm proceeding without that Rigidbody, but sheesh I don't know if there's a reason for that to have happened...

That said, I need to get some logic for my player to stick onto these platforms as well. This is likely going to be a fairly common thing, which definitely KIND of excites me. But we'll see.
Hoogh I'm already having fun figuring this all out. So as a general  rule of thumb I think if we're on a platform I'll try and extend the grounded check distance by some. It would be nice to introduce some constants so I'm not magic-numbering as well.

The time is coming for me to teach soon but this is going fairly well!
I have this idea that I can either have it freely rotate on its own, controlled by a boolean, OR to have it respond to a rotation method that is triggered on a Pendulum or Chime or something.

