Continuing from [[2023-05-10]].
Luckily, good news from the vet today. I'm so thankful. Past that though, I have some tutoring to do in a moment, and I have to figure something out before then: a day / night cycle. I'm going to make a branch off of my previous work for this, and I'll be quickly following a tutorial to do so (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9hj9PdO328). Here goes nothing.

---

Alright, so I've completed my tutoring, time to work on some things before it's dinnertime soon.

So after implementing the cutesy little day/night cycle, I'm interested in the aesthetic possibilities for this game. I WANT to introduce the URP, but it might not be time yet. At this point, I should probably be concerned primarily with finishing a single level. I can definitely do this today and tomorrow, I think. Thinking in terms of this, I need to create some architecture for the fellas that help with this all. A LevelManager script would be rather useful.

But what would a LevelManager do? Specify checkpoints, a spawn point, other things like that? Assuredly. But beyond that, what would they do, I wonder...
	Checking the Corgi Level manager from the image they provided, I was mostly on the dot. For theirs, they provide a static / singleton-based reference to the class, which stores the Player object to spawn, the checkpoints and spawn point, AND the Level Bounds! I missed that fella!
Ok, so I know now. That definition is mostly sufficient for this game as well. I'll need some GameManager, preferably that persists between Scenes, and some other Manager infrastructures like this LevelManager that helps with things like this.

### On the Implications of Checkpoints
It seems like with this LevelManager, I'm really leaning towards a sort of checkpoint system. This leads me to... question my design some.
I need to determine WHY checkpoints need to be here. For ease of access, of course,  but from what EXACTLY? What are the loss conditions of my game that might necessitate this?

Because of the *scope* of this project within the grand scheme of things, I think that having enemies and some hazards might actually be worth it. If you don't enjoy them, you should always be able to stop playing and all that. But the priority is on the puzzles we can make with the Ability mechanics as well... Because we have those, a health bar or mechanic wouldn't seem terribly out of place, and so we have a loss condition. But the impetus is and will always be (in my opinion) on the puzzles and platforming aspects of the game. We don't need crazy enemies or anything like that, some simple folks will do fine.

I'm thinking Mario-like enemies in the sense of their relative simplicity, BUT the neat emergent challenges they present when combined with certain aspects of the levels and all that.

##### Teleporting to Checkpoints?
On an idea that makes the game accessible, I was thinking of rewarding exploration within a level by allowing you to teleport to the different checkpoints around it. I think of falling off of a high ledge Jump King style, why waste time jumping ALL the way back up when you could just TP back there? And, if I make my levels have fun secrets, allowing the player to go back to certain sections of the level would be good and would inspire that behavior.

---

Well, I don't know about the teleportation to the checkpoints and all that, but we could certainly do a checkpoint system no matter what.

Let's think about what a checkpoint looks like in-game. Probably LITERALLY a script whose transform decides the position and all that. They'd have to respond to some trigger from hitting the player somehow, and update the LevelManager.
If the LevelManager knows the Player hasn't hit the last checkpoint, it'll add it to the known checkpoint list and update the latest checkpoint. If the LevelManager knows the Player HAS hit a known checkpoint, it'll just update the latest checkpoint.

---

It's later now, and man, tutorials rock. I was able to touch base with some generics as I was preparing a Singleton class to inherit from. The best part is that I get all of it, which is exciting!
Now that I've got that though, I've tried to create a little Checkpoint system that needs only to be placed, the OnValidate will handle most of the details. It was a little unreliable with prefabs, but it seems to do well after a few fixes.

As well, I'm creating an OnTrigger-responding trick to activate checkpoints and all that. 

Alrighty, just polished off a decent little checkpoint system! I'm excited for this all, but I was thinking some about the scope of this game earlier and later.

##### Scoping Ideas & Wren's Nest (Snow-Globing)
Ultimately, the scoping really depends on the scope of the Wren's Nest, I think. That will not only HEAVILY influence what aesthetics and themes the levels of this game will have, but how much to develop and invest in it. It's worthwhile for sure, and a fantastic exercise.

With that, I had this little aesthetic idea of "breaking up" the Wren's Nest into these little 'snow-globe'-like areas that have a select theme and all that. With that, I could secure a definite INITIAL set of aesthetics for my levels and other minigames and things like that. But that's discussion for tomorrow. For now, I will retire to bed and prepare for work in the morning.
Woohoo, what a life!