Continuing from [[2023-05-12]].

Today, I won't be able to work extensively. Earlier I had written some music for a garden-y snow-globe area for the Wren's Nest, and that was fun. But later I'm going to hang out with my family. That said, I'm quite glad that I did some planning previously, in [[2023-05-12#^004546]].

### Errors on Opening Project
So for my scripts that are sort of pooling themselves with the LevelManager singleton, I noticed an error for each one when the project opened. As well, there was an error with the Singleton trying to call `DontDestroyOnLoad()` when it's made in the editor and all that. The errors are likely something I can rectify by not running the OnValidate code if the LevelManager is null, which I would've done typically, but ignored to get to the post-LevelManager-instantiated functionality of those scripts.
Let me add that really quick.

With everything with these pooled GameObjects like Checkpoints and ClockPieces now, I really don't have a great approach to managing them well in the editor. I tried to make it so that the pieces add themselves to their respective lists, and remove themselves from them, but it doesn't quite seem to work...
I think the way I might do it is to AVOID the scripts trying to add themselves to the instance but instead just using that GameObject.Find() in the LevelManager itself.

So I see one error that the editor doesn't like. When I drag a prefab to instantiate it but accidentally place it in the world, it creates a missing ClockPieceController script in the ClockPiece list and all that.

I'll need to find more ways to make little convenience features better. Perhaps responding to different events instead of OnValidate. But... that's for later I suppose... We'll see, I want to make a pass around and fix things once I get the base systems in place and working right. When I create my first lil' level, then I'll test for these things. 

Yeah, only now are a bunch of errors related to the LevelManager popping up. It's because the LevelManager reinstantiates itself and clears all of its inspector-set data, which is rather annoying. I need to find a way to keep it from doing that...

Grr, that really grinds my gears. I'm going to try a different approach to the Singleton before making any MAJOR different changes.

---

Well, I'm gonna say it, guys. Singletons... are likely not useful for how I'm using them. There we go. I'm tearing it all down. It sounds dramatic, but it'll be fun! While I'd like the convenience of global access of the LevelManager, I'm going to avoid that and just use the LevelManager to grab the objects themselves. OnValidate() was a cool experiment this time around, but I don't think it'll work in my current approach.

I think static things are neat but global scope is scary and sucky if you're not great at finding a good use for it, like in this case.

Since I'm going to try and avoid that singleton approach now, I need to think of a way to solve the problems I had solved with the singleton before, like:
- AbilityPickups
	- Getting AbilityPickups their proper sprites from the currently-used IconBank.
	- Finding the Player's AbilityManager and adding their abilities when they're triggered
		- *SOLUTION*: A 'pickup' script should deal with collision directly with the Player. Add OnTriggerEnter function and remove the trigger script.
- ClockPieceController
	- Adding themselves to a managed list of the type in LevelManager
		- *SOLUTION*: FindObjectsOfType in LevelManager
	- Notifying that they have been found / reached
		- *SOLUTION*: While a list of ALL ClockPieces is relevant to the Level for placement and all that, a list of ***KNOWN*** ClockPieces belongs in a script with the Player or something that can store the known ClockPieces. It directly represents their progression.
- Checkpoint
	- Adding themselves to a managed list of the type in LevelManager
		- *SOLUTION*: FindObjectsOfType in LevelManager
	- Notifying that they have been found / reached
		- 