Continuing from [[2023-05-17]].

Woohoo, I can't wait to be back on the day I don't work all morning and afternoon! I'm so excited, I'm really glad that I was able to figure things out the way I was last entry.

So the two main things that are really left as per my goals for this week are to make a simple level for this game, and to make a basic level end sequence. For now, leaving things greyboxed and ugly is *ok*, and I have to be *ok* with that. I will NOT devote time to overly fancy things NOW, I'll just try and get some things done. Huzzah!

### Level End Sequence
So first on the list is trying to get a basic level end sequence, but ***NOT BEFORE MAKING A BRANCH FOR THIS WORK***.

Firstly, I'm going to turn off the existing Ability-related UI when the level ends. I'm thinking I want some functionality to handle turning off and on some UI. In fact, and not to be weird, maybe these UI things should persist between scenes... It would reduce some overhead and loading times, but... Maybe not, that seems weird. In any case, I'll make an interface to have some shared ActivatableUI.

Here's a little something, I want to unsubscribe from events in OnDisable, but a KEY time when OnDisable is called is when the game is ending. Now, when I try to access the LevelManager from the GameManager singleton after it's destroyed, it creates a NEWGameManager and messes things up. I'll have to see about having some way to tell if the Instance exists without getting it and making a new one...
So I solved this temporarily by adding an 'Exists' field for my Singleton. It returns true if the private instance of the Singleton isn't null, and that seems to work. That actually would have solved my OnValidate issues, I'm thinking.

So now that that works, let me see more about an 'activated' field for the UI. It should probably just prevent the UI from doing what it typically does, which sounds reductive but surprisingly isn't. The AbilityClockUI will not update, and the PendulumUI won't show. I can do this with any other UI I choose to make. Yippee!

So that works for now. I'll try for some shorter commits so I'm going to commit this. Afterwards, I found another error with my Checkpoints, I'm no longer storing the last known one.
And, an easy fix. Nice.

#### Level End UI
Now, I'll make a simple little LevelEndUI.
While I'm assembling this all, I see some things to take care of.
- First of all, I eventually do want to switch to the URP for this project, so I might want to do that sooner than later.
- Secondly, I need to stack some Cameras once I do this, to render only the UI over the gameplay. I want to do this for some utility as I'll eventually need to place the finalized clock model on the UI Camera only.

Really quickly, I'm going to try and install the URP here...

So now that I've implemented the URP, it's time to get down to business. I need to make some script for the LevelEndUI to open up the panel with some pizazz.

So thinking about what I want to happen...
1. Fade the panel in
2. "Reveal" the LevelClock and write the info for it in the textbox.
3. "Reveal" button panel after a second or two.

And woohoo, I've got a basic little animated menu opening going! Note that this is in nearly-direct violation of what I said earlier where I said:
> I will NOT devote time to overly fancy things NOW, I'll just try and get some things done. Huzzah!

Well, now I'm really liking it. I should really start to use some AnimationCurves to set the values just how I like them for how things should animate through code... yummy...

But for now, I think that's enough decent work for today. I'm proud of this week, even though I haven't had as much time to work on this project as I have to work at the museum. That said though, I'm having a great time and I'm making decent headway, the quickest I've produced a game of this type so far (the quality hasn't suffered much either).

---

For next time, I'm going to need to remember to hook up the GameManager with scene-swapping functionality and to mockup a super basic level with the existing components I have. Then, I can put more work into the Wren's Nest.