Continuing from [[2023-05-04]]!

I had a fun weekend away from the project working at my museum job, tutoring, and helping my family build a pergola. It was a lot of fun, but I now need to wrap up some of the features for my demo. Here's what's on the agenda, and what I want to get done today.
- UI to show the currently selected ability (Clock Ability UI)
- The Chime Ability
	-  I need to update the GDD for this one!
- The Cuckoo Ability

These are my targets for today. But first, let me talk about the Chime ability for a moment.

### The 'new' Chime
So because this game is planned to be a puzzle-platformer, I want to incorporate some more puzzle-like elements as pillars of the design. In my original GDD up to this point, I said that the Chime ability "can stun *enemies*" and "shatter glass panels". These aren't bad things, but they're just not specific enough for my liking.
I want to redefine them to SphereCast and trigger some methods LIKE ANY GOOD ABILITY LISTENER :) for what occurs when they get Chime'd.

#### Refactoring my Observers...?
Also I seriously need to see about refactoring my listener classes into some superclass or so, the only problem is how I'm sending different information per-Notify() method thus far. Like, Hands sends a Vector2 and the Pendulum sends nothing to its observers. Chime won't send anything and Cuckoo might not either if I plan to give it a listener/observer script approach.
	I should clarify that I'm DOING this because I'd like to try and avoid OnTrigger____ and OnCollision____ methods with GetComponents and all that if at all possible. I'd only like to use them where they make sense, which is mostly with Platforms and the Cuckoo ability potentially.
If I notice some divine symmetry with my current approach, I definitely will aim to refactor them. The only thing is that while their scopes are similar if not identical, the information I send in the Notify() methods differs... I suppose I could do this by overriding a superclass method... Hrmm...

#### Cuckoo Pushes Player Off Surfaces?
And thinking about the Cuckoo ability, wouldn't it be cool if you could use it to push off walls, like a wall jump or something? That'd be a fairly simple thing to make (potentially) by just adding some impulse to the CharacterVelocity in the opposite direction... But that also seems like funny glitchfest if alignment goes wrong, like if I hug a wall, turn my back to hit, Cuckoo(), then the hit registers and threatens to send me through the wall... That might suck. BUT you never know. For now, it's all about the Chime Ability.

---

Alright, that's enough about that though. Let's get working on the Chime ability.

It'll be very similar to the Pendulum ability in that there's some cast time for animation and things like that, only there's going to be a coroutine that manages it. Long story short, I do funny SphereCast() over a certain period of time, and we're mostly done! :D

Well, that was... easy. There's only one thing, I need to make some sort of custom inspector or something for the abilities that my CharacterStates will have. And y'know, I should really rename them to be PlayerStates. I think that'll be my next commit, it just makes more sense.

---

I'm going to hold off on that until I can further complicate that solution by making the Cuckoo ability! There's something interesting here... it's that this will likely rely more on animation that other things, like a fighting game move or something like that. That's not exactly the case for my other abilities... but I can work with it all the same. Now I have to care somewhat about animation, which isn't super typical for my usual demos, BUT I want to make it cool!

Right so I'm documenting this... The CuckooAbilityScript really doesn't do much at this point besides gatekeeping the state if it's not allowed.

That said, I've gotten things to work in a basic thing sense. It only works in one direction though. I'll need to rotate my player in their respective direction. I'm doing this by changing the local scale of the SPRITE/MODEL of the Player instead of the whole thing itself.

---

Well, I got it working in a basic state AND implemented a 3D facing direction thing (so now I can use sprites OR a 3D model :D).

In any case, time to make some UI for the current ability and all that.

One thing I want to consider is how to actually tie things all together UI-wise. And the same thing for hooking observers up to their ability notifier scripts... But that'll come soon with more data about the levels and all that, making a static script to provide a reference to the player and all that.

For now though, let's make the cute little clock ability selector.